Funding
=======

University of Edinburgh PhD Funding
-----------------------------------

Deadlines normally fall in late January / early February for PhDs
starting the following September

1. Principal's Career Development Scheme (PCDS)

<https://www.ed.ac.uk/student-funding/postgraduate/uk-eu/university-scholarships/development>

2. Edinburgh Global Research Scholarships (EGRS)

<https://www.ed.ac.uk/student-funding/postgraduate/international/global/research>

3. Carnegie PhD Scholarships

<https://www.ed.ac.uk/student-funding/postgraduate/uk-eu/other-funding/carnegie-trust>

4. Staff Scholarships

<https://www.ed.ac.uk/medicine-vet-medicine/staff-and-current-students/staff-scholarships>

5. University of Edinburgh/China Scholarship Council Awards (UoE/CSC)

<https://www.ed.ac.uk/student-funding/postgraduate/international/region/asia/china-council>

A list of funders for PhD research
----------------------------------

*By Bérengère Digard* and *Shereen Sharaan*

If you are a self-funded PhD student. I feel your struggle and I support
you. You can do it.

There are several funders out there that can help you fund parts of your
project, your PhD related travels, or even, dare I say it, your living
expenses.

Because one spreadsheet is worth a thousand words (and because I love
spreadsheets), here is a spreadsheet of some possible funders for you.

You should know that I only got one of these, so maybe this list is not
that great.

TODO: Finish this table!

| Name              | Website | £££ | Deadline | Details |
|-------------------|---------|-----|----------|---------|
| Allan & Nesta     |         |     |          |         |
|                   |         |     |          |         |


A list of funders for general project funding, including post-doc research
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

This section needs updating but for now [*here's a useful list of
postdoctoral fellowship
schemes*](http://rogierkievit.com/postdoctoral-fellowship-opportunities).

**[Research Professional - extensive funding
database](https://www.researchprofessional.com/0/rr/home): **You can
access Research Professional for free as the UoE has an institute
subscription (just turn on your UoE VPN to access). They have an
extensive database of funding opportunities and you can set up
personalised alert emails - just make yourself a free account

**[Edinburgh Research Office - online UKRI funding
calendar](https://uoe.sharepoint.com/sites/ResearchSupportOfficeIntelligence/SitePages/Funders/Funder-Insights.aspx): **The
Edinburgh Research Office have got a nice Sharepoint site 'ERO Funders
Insights' that, alongside useful information, also features an online
calendar of all UKRI funding call deadlines.

**[Edinburgh Neuroscience members funding
pages](https://www.edinburghneuroscience.ed.ac.uk/members/funding-sources): **Edinburgh
Neuroscience has a range of funding opportunities (Fellowships, PhD
studentships funding, seed corn grants etc) listed on the members
section of the Edinburgh Neuroscience website. Some of the deadlines are
out of date but most of the links should work. Again, just turn on your
UoE VPN to access these pages. 

A database of funders for public engagement projects
----------------------------------------------------

\[needs content\]

Writing a grant -- how to get it costed
---------------------------------------

*By Sue FW*

Costings for a grant are estimates of how much it will cost to do the
project. Different types of grant costs are defined above on page 18.

When you are thinking about a new grant submission, the first person to
ask about costings for people in CCBS is <Luke.Richards@ed.ac.uk> and
his manager, if needed, is <Andrew.Liken@ed.ac.uk>

They can provide costings for your grant and also guidance on funder
requirements / budget constraints etc. Luke will reply with a reference
number in the subject line. You should use this in all future
correspondence about the project. He will also copy in a team mailbox,
<rso.funding@ed.ac.uk> Please don't email this address without also
including the reference number in the subject line of your email. If
Luke is on leave, his out-of-office auto-response will direct you to a
back-up RFS. There's a bit more info in the CCBS website at this link:
[CCBS Grant Application
Process](https://www.edweb.ed.ac.uk/files/atoms/files/ccbs_grant_application_process_sep18.pdf).

Key advice on getting costs for grants include:

    - advance warning about planned applications is important

    - it's useful to request costs right at the start - even if you know
    these are likely to change - so the Worktribe item can be set up.  It's
    then relatively easy to adjust these costs later. 

    - you can also request variants of costs for comparison -- e.g.
    research assistants and different grades or % Full Time Equivalents.

    - It's ok to formulate costs my way when I send them in, they will then
    be adjusted for entry into worktribe.  If I want the output (for entry
    into the grant application form) in a specific layout / set of
    categories I can send a template for this and request help getting the
    right numbers in the right places

    - I shouldn't worry too much if the costs I end up submitting to the
    grant awarding body are not absolutely precisely the same as worktribe,
    provided I'm confident I have enough money to pay people / do the work,
    and it is in the right categories
