---
title: "Contacts"
---

Contacts
========

Useful contacts for work: HR, Finance, postgraduate office etc.
---------------------------------------------------------------

*By Sue FW*

**Sue Davidson**: Centre Administrator for the SMRC. Sue's is your
primary contact for: purchasing; participant expenses; HR & recruitment;
annual leave & contracts; ethics and IRAS forms; event management &
training courses; room bookings, minutes & meetings.

Salvesen Mindroom Research Centre, Child Life & Health, University of
Edinburgh, 20 Sylvan Place, Edinburgh  EH9 1UW

Tel : 0131 536 0802

Email: <Susan.Davidson@ed.ac.uk>

**Dawne Milligan,** Research Funding Specialist, can help with costings
and other preparation for funding applications.

Edinburgh Research Office, The University of Edinburgh, 9 Bioquarter,
Little France Road, Edinburgh EH16 4UX

Tel: +44 (0)131 650 9034

Email:  <dawne.milligan@ed.ac.uk>  

**CCBS administrative roles** include those listed below but [in the
first instance you should **always** go to Sue Davidson]

**Dr Laura Doull** is assisting on a time-limited basis with operational
matters including e-expenses, e-authorisations, ad hoc costings and
general enquiries.

**Erika Griffin** is CCBS Finance Officer and will deal with enquiries
related to budgets and operational expenditure as well as purchase
orders, SciQuest, invoices, EITs and payments.

**Dorothy Air** is the CCBS HR Assistant.

**Charlotte Iliakis** is the CCBS Postgraduate Administrator.

**Rebecca Devon** is the CCBS Science Manager, overseeing academic
matters, grant application and award, metrics, reporting, website &
comms.

Useful mailing lists / journal clubs you might want to join
-----------------------------------------------------------

*By Sue FW*

\[needs content\]

- [Psychology, Philosophy and Informatics Reading Group](http://lists.inf.ed.ac.uk/mailman/listinfo/ppig-list)

Understanding research groupings at the University
--------------------------------------------------

*By Sinéad O'Carroll*

![research groupings](/uploads/research-groupings.png)

Key people who work in Kennedy Tower
------------------------------------

\[needs content\]

A list of nice places to go nearby
----------------------------------

*By Lorna Ginnell*

We are super lucky to be situated in an area with a great selection of
cafés and eateries! Here are some gems:

- For breakfast or coffee meetings: *Project Coffee* (warning, no
  Wi-Fi!)

- For dreamy breakfasts (and treats) when you're not planning on doing
  any work: *Honeycomb and Co*

- For those days in the office when you need a pick me up and instant
  coffee just won't do: *The Counter (Kiosk next to M&S)*

- For when you want to escape from the office but don't want to go too
  far: *The Round Square, Blackwood Coffee, Café Nero*

- Hot Chocolate: *The Chocolate Tree*

- The best sandwiches: *Karine's Deli*

- Grab and go lunches: *M&S, Waitrose* (they also have a Sushi Bar)

- A quiet place to do some solo work: *Redbox (in Marchmont).* OK so
  this is like half an hour away but it's really spacious, not too
  busy and has lots of plugs and free Wi-Fi! And good coffee and sweet
  treats. So a nice place to settle in and write for the day.

- After work drinks: *The Hermitage, Montpelier, Black Ivy*

- Dinner: *Montpelier, Mia's Italian, Nonas*

- Walks: *The Braid & Blackford Hill, Bruntsfield Links*

Useful contractors
------------------

### Graphic Design

<http://scottmcallisterdesign.co.uk> -- recommended though not used yet,
an autistic graphic designer in Scotland.

### Transcription

*By Catherine Crompton*

Lesley @ e-transcribing (<info@e-transcribing.co.uk>). Local transcriber
used before to transcribe confidential interviews both by Patrick Wild
Centre and the School of Education. Lesley lives in Edinburgh and does
not work during school holidays (including over the summer holidays),
and in 2018 charged £1/minute of tape to transcribe.
